# Significant Events

[Getting Started](http://c3ptoh.github.io/secrets-of-nelluon/getting-started)  
[Session Notes](http://c3ptoh.github.io/secrets-of-nelluon/session-notes)  
[World Background](http://c3ptoh.github.io/secrets-of-nelluon/world-background)

# Session 0: Character Introduction and Party Formation
The party arrives at Blackwake Shipyard, an abandoned community due to decades of pirates terrorizing its shores. First, Noranor arrives-- careful and thorough, the Eladrin (a rare and beautiful species of elf, this one attuned to the Spring season) investigates the delapidated store room where their puzzle pinpointed a meeting location. Next, is Cardon-Lee, a mysterious hooded figure whose quiet steps belie his raging heart, he slips through an opening in the roof and hides in the shadows. Norador and Cardon-Lee come to a tenuous truce once they discover they are here for the same purpose. The fiery (literally) Tieg is next-- bursting through the already partially broken door, she totally destroys what's left of it in her rush to make an entrance. Something is deifnitely not right with her-- she's spewing flames from various ports on her body. she's brash and really not reading the room, and what's when Algvirek arrives, a travelling hobgoblin who looks eager to prove himself, though his imposing stature give the assembled individuals pause. After a standoff, the group starts to investigate the room, Algvirek performing a ritual cast (unusually for a Hobgoblin) to detect magic. The group does not get very far before cold tendrils spider across the floor and manic laughter echoes through the night. Nymra Coldtongue, a Silver Dragonborn arrives and breaks the tension: "I know I'm late to the party, but I brought some ice!" The rest of the individuals laugh, maybe to appease this mysterious and powerful Dragonborn. Khori then appears, satisfied that the party has successfully found the meeting location. They do not give much more details other than the fact that they're about to embark on an (unpaid) adventure. Maybe there's something useful that each character can get out of this adventure-- or maybe they have nothing better to do. Khori unveils Hammerfall's Oath, an absolutely massive Dwarven Warship, anchored outside in the storm. The party (reluctantly) boards the ship, and our adventure begins!
